hurry up and again 35 minutes late to
the meeting come on pretty nasty weather
out there take a seat master solo we
were just discussing a few recent
encounters with the Sith that a few
council members have had that's funny
because I just saw two I think Dark Jedi
around this area we should really be
careful as a vice Grand Master of the
New Jedi Order I say that we make a game
plan just in case anything happens
Master Durron is correct we should
immediately start making up a plan so we
can stop these sit right now in their
tracks ah Mesa have an idea maybe me
second more obsessed with lightsabers
and bombs asserts that is not the way of
the jedi we must capture than work or
kill them the Sith have been on our
backs for centuries we just have to get
rid of them now may I please be excused
of course master Oh brah
hey who are you
your worst nightmare get the other one
where's our ship there's a ship here
it's supposed to be here where do we go
where's the ship it just want to be yeah
oh yeah what no no what's going on here
I'll go get help
you
listen to me commander don't become
general become a Jedi
may the force be with you
general newt was a good man he was a
great man